it's my blade three hundred and these
are blades off a honeybee to or honey be
king or something like that and it just
a little bit shorter but I thought I try
not see if they work but we've got to be
better than a little woody plate
checking everything
Thank You Beth
you
oh that means you hey dudes I'm back um
I just had a little mishap with my 300
and stamped the main shaft you can see
where she's broke he didn't hit very
hard didn't bend anything none of the
linkage just popped off or anything is
just snapped and this bearing popped up
and popped out the hell he flies nice
but this is definitely going to be the
weak spot see you